[Music]
you're in southwest Brazil
the Walters here are famous for being
impossibly clear and supporting a whole
host of life
[Music]
right now you're a bar deep pool and
even from here you can see all the way
to the bottom you may have noticed the
riverbed is bubbling
these are limestone Springs a unique
feature of this area of Brazil this is
known locally as the volcano an erupting
spring of calcium carbonate it is the
presence of this chemical compound that
makes the water so brilliantly clear
the waters here are home to over 40
species of freshwater fish including
these pair of bitanga that you may
recognize from the seven worlds one
planet Ceres
[Music]
let's find some more
here we go
[Music]
somewhat unusually these fish have a
particular taste for fruit and their
diets can be 75 percent vegetarian
[Music]
if you look closely you might just spot
the odd one out
in this show is a predator
Dorado spend their early lives looking
remarkably similar to the parapet Agnes
this helps them hide amongst the
relatively harmless show allowing them
to rush out and strike their prey when
large enough the Dorado can swallow pair
of Batangas hole a might grow to be a
meter long away over 30 kilograms from
the tiny red mato grosso to the larger
Piazza the dense vegetation provides
safety for a range of species
but here it is the parapet angles that
are most abundant their fondness for
fruit and flowers plays a vital role in
the dispersal of seeds to allow trees
and plants to grow all along the banks
of these crystal-clear waterways
you